All right welcome back.
I hope you're having a great day.
I'm having an awesome day.
Is a new day a good to breathe.
I get to touch my hands.
I have two hands.
I got two legs and I'm healthy.
All right.
I don't know what your situation is but if you are watching this in a computer you are very lucky.
A lot of people cannot do that so thank God or thank the universe whoever you think is responsible for
that and just be grateful.
All right.
But anyway today we are going to be adding on a little extra functionality to the dashboard right.
So let's logon to our CMOS.
All right.
And what I want to do is I want to add to all the posts right here and they actually polls the polls
that are published in the draft so I'm going to change just a little bit.
Right.
So we're going to go to the index for admin there right now.
As a matter of fact ad for Shlash in that stopped BHB.
So right now we have a query right here for draft's.
Let's make another query here for published.
All right.
Because we already have the query for all posts and I will be all the way above.
Are going to show you right now in a minute but let's just change this to publish
right here.
All right.
And I'm just going to change these words here and I'm just going to have the same.
I was going to copy and paste this one here.
Polls Paul.
There we go.
And that's the same dance Dansco change the draft here also.
All right.
So that's about it.
That's what I need for this.
So now I'm going to come down here and I'm going to change this a little bit.
So I'm going to I'm just going to add something here as a matter of fact.
Come on.
They're going to add polls.
I'm just going to say all polls right there.
I'm going to add one more to our loop because we're going to add another element and I need to get it
right here in the second array and then just doing this.
I wish I could see what I'm doing.
So we have the post count starting the day right here.
That's going to have all the polls right here right.
So the new one that actually is polls publish count.
All right.
And that would be the second polls right here.
So call here.
The second element and that that should do it.
Let's go ahead and check it out.
All right.
So refresh.
All right so we see that we have all polls one Active Force One.
All right.
So if I add another polls and we're going to go ahead and do that right now I'm just going to say just
another polls and just going to put straw there and polls alter of course is me Boss status publish
and image is going to be this one that's fine.
Angeles hello.
It's going to be a key were I know that doesn't sound right but just some content
content.
All right.
Let's go to polls.
We see we are another one.
Let's go to the dashboard.
And we can see that we got active polls to all polls want that.
Let's make one draft actually the view of polls.
Let's make this draft.
I'm just going to change this to draft day.
Come back.
All right winds draft.
It's called a dashboard.
And you can see there we got one active posts and one draft.
All right.
And if I make both of them draft and let's see what that does right.
The polls ask for.
You can see that we got all polls too.
We've got two drafts.
All right so this is the function I did that I wanted to add.
I think we are done here on the next lecture.
Let's keep adding some more function.
I did two tours see amasses some extra features.
All right.
Thanks so much for watching I hope you're enjoying and again US you have to be very grateful because
you have a computer or a phone and you're watching this and learning right.
And this is just a blessing.
Take care and I'll see you in the next lecture by